src/noise_borders/README.md, before:

#### [EN] Module description
This module provides you a functional for the noise estimation. Its core funtion, getGlobalUpperAndLowerBorder, allows you to get an estimate for noise, due to which the initial image differs from all other images that do not contain foreign objects in the elevator cabine. All necessary preprocessing occurs inside this function, so you can use it out of box.

#### [RU] Описание модуля
Этот модуль содержит весь функционал, необходимый для получения оценок на шум. Его главная функция, getGlobalUpperAndLowerBorder, позволяет пользователю найти оценки на шум, из-за которого стартовое изображения отличается от все последующих снимков, не содержащих инородных предметов в кабине лифта. Необходимая подготовка изображения происходит внутри этой функции, поэтому, использовать функционал этого модуля можно, прктически, из коробки.

Commit message:

modules README updated; some of the now more informative

src/noise_borders/README.md, after:

### [EN] Module description
This module provides a functional for the noise estimation. As I wrote in the README, we want to estimate the noise from a banch of empty images, maens, images without any objects on the working surface. So, to get these estimations, pass your start image and a vector of empty images to the **getGlobalUpperAndLowerBorder**. This vector you can get, for example, using **getImagesFromFolder** from **utils** module. Some additional arguments also will be needed, see docstrings for more details. As a result, it will return you a pair of the lower and upper bounds of the noise.


### [RU] Описание модуля
Этот модуль содержит весь функционал, необходимый для получения оценок на шум. Как я писал в README, идея в том, чтобы вычленить шум из изображений, которые не содержат оставленных предметов, и попытаться оценить его, чтобы в последствии избавиться. Чтобы получить нижнюю и верхнюю оценку на шум, нужно все лишь передать в функцию **getGlobalUpperAndLowerBorder** снимок кабины лифта в начальный момент времени и vecor из "пустых" изображний. Такой vector можно получить, например, при помощи функции **getImagesFromFolder** из модуля **utils**. Также вызов **getGlobalUpperAndLowerBorder** потребует дополнительных аргументов, см. докстринги для получения дополнительной информации.
